= AllianceP2P - Beta Wiki =

== Latest Changes ==
 * *1.1.0c* - 2010-02-08
  * Changed: Share counters are now updated in real time.
  * Changed: More polite share browsing with big amounts of share bases.
  * Fixed bug: Added limit on how many files/directories we can browse in single directory to prevent BufferOverload.

 * *1.1.0b*
  * Fixed bug: Transfer does not end/Part of file corrupted for recently modified files.
  * Fixed bug: NullPointerException for inaccessible shares paths.

 * *v1.1.0a*
  * *You need to rehash your files because this version uses new filedatabase*
  * Fixed bug: DB bug -> The download doesn't end and shows corrupted file message.
  * Changed: Tray icon size behaviour.
  * Fixed bug: Support for Non-English characters doesn't work with Alliance theme.
  * Removed: Alliance on windows will no longer automatically restart itself. (thanks Kratos)

 * *v1.1.0*
  * Bug fix: Auto detection of external IP in LAN mode. (thanks Kratos)
  * Added: Portable mode to linux. (thanks Kratos)
  * Changed: "Always automatically connect to new friends of friends" to "Always automatically connect to all friends of friends". (thanks Kratos)
  * Added: Ability for plugins to insert a callback to the debug console. This allows plugins to add their own commands to the console. (thanks Kratos)
  * Fixed bug: Removing files when scanning is in progress no longer break communication.
  * Changed: View duplicates works again.
  * Changed: Display of filesizes in ShareView moved to tooltip.
  * Changed: DB memory usage reduced for big shares (100k files).
  * Changed: Improved scanning of removed files.
  * Changed: Improved database speed.
  * Fixed bug: BufferOverload when using "send as link to chat" on folder with more than 512 files.
  * Fixed bug: Several other minor bugs.

 * *v1.0.9*
  * *You need to rehash your files because this version uses new filedatabase*
  * Added: Display of filesizes in ShareView.
  * Changed: Database changed to H2.
  * Fixed bug: BufferOverload when you add folder with more than 512 files at once to download que.
  * Changed: Some UI elements.
  * Added: Native OS theme.
  * Fixed bug: Several other minor bugs.